W-14029320-rpa-builder-6.4.6-cv (#254)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-builder-6.4.6-release-notes.adoc

= RPA Builder 6.4.6 Release Notes

> RPA Builder is the on-premises application that enables you to build automations by specifying the action steps of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPA Builder is an on-premise application that enables you to build automations by specifying the action steps of the process.
```
